<!--Might want to close out Issues and Discussion on Github - confusing where and when to use them.-->

* **Ideally we want to incorporate both in a single glyph set, just like hieroglyph, or otherwise Mayan language** (Where the symbol set can be used to represent both the sound and combined words - sorta like Korean language) - however, in reality it DOESN'T MAKE SENSE to do this, not just because per Korean there are too many unreadable differences and even if we allow non-sequential reading of the pronounciation (aka. as long as the vowels and consonants are there, they can be arranged arbitarily inside the glyph, as to avoid the issue of same-sound-different-words), it would **require too many such alphabetical components for all the vowels and sounds**. However, coming to think of it, it shouldn't really be a problem since in Chinese there are still many distinct 偏旁部首, which bear absolutely zero resemblance to sounds. 
    * **The Hieroglyphical/Korean+ Scheme**:  So here is what we might do: We assign both an **alphabetical symbol set** and a **concrete meaning** to all vowels and consonants. This way when used to represent pure sounds, those can be used individually (ideally with a slightly more readable and slightly more complicated font/script); Bear in mind that **actual words are always sound/phenome-first during invention**, and **corresponding glyphs are assembled semantically (rather than phenomically)**, we used the semantical aspects of those alphabet to combine words. ¶Notice at this stage of history the writing medium is at least paper and most likely even digital, aka. the forms are not affected by stony carving medium like Mayan scripts (meaning they **should be more abstract**, though we *want to make them more "symbolic" like Hieroglyphy*). ¶Now, as the writing system goes, we will **directly utilize [Heiroglyph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hieroglyph)** <!--Notice Chinese letters used to be complicated as well, but after thousands of years of optimization we reach the current stage: 一简. So instead of starting from scratch, we will try to optimize based on Hieroglyph. We may also reference [二简字](zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/二简字).-->. Notice that hieroglyphs features many human figures - maybe one way we can do this is to develop ours as **very succinct drawings of such figures in brushy strokes** (and can extend to plants and animals - this way we inherit the spirit of hieroglyphs: natural objects). For the composition structure, we will use only those three structures: Left | Right, Left | Right Top | Right Bottom and Top | Bottom. Remember, the scripts are ***symbolic** rather than sound-based*.
* Is there any inspirational use we can derive from 音数系统 or DNA-based quaternary system?